Name: Joseph Savold

Clemson Email Address: jsavold@clemson.edu

Project no: 4

Project due date: 04/04/2017

Project Summary: 
	
	Depiction of a nightmare in which the protagonist is running from a bunch of slime balls. The slime balls collide with each other and bounce off of each other much like particles. Collisions are optimized by spacial hasing using a grid of STL lists.

	Painters algorithm is applied for both the rain and the slime balls, though the slime balls are not meant to give a sense of depth, so it is hard to tell. Code for creating objects can be found in the initObjects method of the ObjectManager class.

Idea for the final project:

	Nightmare is supposed to be a game about someone having a nightmare. If the player gets too scared, they wake up (which is losing the game). Normally waking up would be a good thing, but since the player does not know they are dreaming they are trying not to get killed.

	The player will run from sludge enemies, jumping on platforms, trying not to fall in sludge pools. At the end of a level the player will reach a light and the rain will stop. Then they will wake up without having died in their dream.

	Possible actions in the game will be (will not all be implemented):
	* rolling to maintain momentum and shake off the clinging sludge balls
	* wall jumping to add some depth to the platforming
	* double jumping

Sources: 

	I found some of the background and my running man on OpenGameArt. I made the sludge sprites, clouds of smoke, and the rain.

The easiest part of this project: 

	I had already mostly completed the player class during last project, so touching that up was the easiest part.

Problems that I had in completing this project: 

	I believe my keyboard is broken in that SDL will create multiple events for a single keypress. Note that this is different from keybounce. The key will create multiple keypress event randomly as it is being held (not continuously). I was unable to fix this. It runs fine on any other machine that I have run it on.
